i first time also rafael steps 21
years for nagô paranaguá a vai-vai
paranaguá is known to me for incredible
It seems I do not know Paraguay.
I really do not believe, but I already wondered.
I'm going to meet paranagua, God willing.
me and you sing that song sing
foreword joão carreiro foreman is made of
I only work with music since
my 11 years in a good dinner
hello paranaguá receive our applause
ivory music
at first it seemed like a joke not
We knew it was for a lifetime.
paths take different paths
It had to be you, the love, found us.
but one day the river meets the sea
I'm here for us to continue.
today the flow of time made sense
braun wanting it seemed forbidden
Only God had written long ago.
time we would be the leaf and the
and what has become preface to psol
It's something that for us was a
O
call it food let du
at first i know at first
is called
but be as
the diamond is overdue today
more from the enem
Goodbye, I think so too, but let's do it all.
What a hug.
today the course of time made sense for
to want it seemed forbidden
Only God had written long ago.
time we would be the leaf
what was the preface of the day
what for us
the moe
goodbye
but anyway
and give a hug
but leave the
dra
life
and give a hug
in July paranaguá registers can yield
Speak now, watch out, it's not there.
like nothing, do not like nobody
Single is thank goodness came out of the closet
the bit will not come out that
That's history was traveling at carnival
It hurts, it was traveling at carnival.
accompanied with whom it has good because
You started playing the ball but in
Bragança is playing.
doing what I can not do in that
schedule
I can not speak the afternoon program, no.
go to the register
my dear to rafael steps
it starts like this it goes flashes I do not have
doubt that you may become
a good singer is not the moment
because because you are do not do this
same axis to you from the kiss of my boredom
rafael our the facim we dream kinetic
balanced than rafael because you
not yet a good singer because you
commits a series of slips in terms of
tonality and especially its
marked defect is in the extension of the
end of a sentence for example when
you speak the green word in the air you give
this prolongation and you leave outside
semitons of course my opinion of mine
expensive raul gil is also successful in
dream word you commit this same
Allen then so mistakes are things that
you will correct when you have made a
singing course for about a 14
15 years nor ary toledo valley toledo speak
he is I want is the following noé
at first it was bad then it was
improving a little and what the régis spoke
I'm so sorry, I agree with him and you.
has 1 70 mins to continue then continue
that your voice is pleasant and
the first time he introduced himself and
in me for example a good impression
So I also found it very
cool I think I found it there too